(1-start) The workshops committee is all about conducting workshops on both the technical aspects and non-tech aspects of life. We are all about giving practical and out of the box knowledge on the topics which are up and coming or are less touched upon.

The work profile of Workshops committe is to conduct workshops, plan and execute sale of Common registeration and handing out certificates for all events
 
Workshops is one the most important and unique committees in Aaruush as it is the perfect blend of technical and non-technical aspects. Workshops is responsible for not only spreading knowledge on the latest industry standard skills but also for bringing in big organizations to Aaruush. CR (Common Registration) is also a major aspect of importance than Workshops handles.
Workshops conduct paid and free workshops on both technical and non-technical topics in trend. 


Workshops has conducted:
	1. 2019 - 27 Workshops
	2. 2020 - 9 Workshops
	3. 2021 - 9 Workshops
	4. 2022 - 9 in E-Simulate + 2 Workshops (and counting)


The fact that Workshops embodies the true aspect of Aaruush being a techno-management fest by conducting both technical and non-technical Workshops is what makes the committee stand out. 


Deep dive into blockchain, crypto and all things web 3.0 is the first paid workshop of this edition conducted on 14th May 2022 with over 200 participants.The duration of workshop was 90 mins. In association with Koii. 200 Participants attended the workshop.
Brief Description: A workshop in collaboration with Koii, a framework for the new Internet, a place made for and by the people where one is rewarded for using the Internet. Deep dive into how Blockchain has enabled the internet to enter a new age known as - Web 3.0. Learn about the Cryptocurrency Pricing Model and its Future, with a focus on Metaverse coins/tokens. 


Workshop Title: Workflow of 3D Character Art
Highlights: In association with one of the worlds leading gaming laptop brands, MSI. A paid workshop which completely filled the venue.
Brief Description: A workshop in collaboration with MSi, one of the worlds leading gaming laptop brands. A comprehensive workshop on 
"Workflow of 3D Character Art" in which you will learn industry-leading 3D character designing and art, from modelling and texturing to rendering, using Maya, Z-brush, Unreal Engine 5.
Number of Participants: 250
Duration: 180 minutes
Date: 4th September 2022 (1-end)




(2-start) We render the beauty of the fest via Photos, videos and illustrations. If you think you have an artist inside you, this is where you would belong.
Creatives work profile include responsibility for all the posters, stories, videos, and banners you will see all around the campus and in social media. We have 5 sub-domains I.e. Photography & Videography, Graphics Designing, Video Editing, VFX, and Music.
Creatives conduct one event in collaboration with Deco & Arts which is called Masterstroke. Its an event that will allow you to ponder your creative thoughts, showcase them to the whole world. 
Here we allow you to unfold your imagination and put it down in form of posters, banners, photos, videos, and many more. (2-end)
	 


(3-start) Initiatives is a committee which embodies new ideas, projects and initiatives which
will create a difference. It promises to bring out the innovative side of you in the
pursuit of taking our fest to higher echelons of success. (3-end)

(4-start) Deco & Arts takes care of Artistic banners , art work and models to decoration in terms
of flags, lights and colours and everything one can think off.(4-end)

(5-start)Corporate Strategy and Implementation (CSI) brands aaruush in all aspects. CSI is responsible for in and off campus publicity, Strategising work plans and
executing them. It helps in Crowd Management. CSI handles Posters and Banners, social media. CSI organizes roadshows planning and oversees execution campus ambassador programme
Manages Sales of Workshops, Highlights and Events(Colosseum, Gaming). CSI handles the help-desks. CSI acts as a support system, handles external publicity
CSI forms crisis committee along with ORM (CSRM) to help in need of any crisis. (5-end)

(6-start) Operations & Resource Management (ORM) deals with all the resources required for Aaruush team during any event. Resources even include details like permissions required for proper work flow
of AARUUSH team. Forms Crisis Committee along with CSI (CSRM) to help in need of any crisis. (6-end)

(7-start)Finance examines the accounts, scrutinises the proposals for expenditures andsubmits the annual budget for the Aaruush. No expenditure in the budget is incurred without the prior approval
of the finance Committee which fixes limits for the total expenditure for the year based on the resources and the income. (7-end)

(8-start)Public Relations helps establish and maintain lines of communication between an organisation and its public.Includes content writing, documenting, achieving certified patronages and
accreditations, anchoring and much more. It is divided further into four sub-divisions: Letters, Documentation, NGOs,media.(8-end)

(9-start)Quality Assurance maintains a desired level of quality of the fest. QA comprises of data analysis, report writing, required follow up during
implementation accommodation of external participants coming here during the fest. (9-end)

(10-start)Sponsorship & Marketing right from having corporate meetings with various professionals to bringing sponsors and implementing marketing ideas, the committee attempts to deliver more than a drive by impression.(10-end)

(11-start)Highlights takes care of all the guest lectures, Aaruush nights and all the personalities that become a part of this national level fest. All the necessities of the guests are taken care of by the highlights committee
including their transportation.(11-end)

(12-start)Championships and Challenges brings you a varied extravaganza of competitions all under one roof. Championships provide students with an opportunity to showcase their
talent. The Championships are in the fields of Robowars, Sports, Coding, RC cars and Quadcopter. These Championships will provide a
platform to the students testing their limits and skills. Challenges showcase a series of opportunities, testing your technical skills by obeying
certain specifications. Your creativity and innovation will get you through your challenges. Mind boggling and out of the box competitions await you in the form of
challenges.(12-end)

(13-start)Outreach Committee as the word suggests, is designated to play a crucial role in increasing
the reach of Aaruush outside of our campus across the country even to places we have
not reached before. It is the representation of our fest as a whole which will undergo
collaborations with other colleges (and for that matter their fests as well). Team
Outreach on the behalf of Aaruush will help other colleges organize Events,
Workshops, Initiatives etc in their colleges across the country. Their entire motive is
the increase the brand value of our fest and to boost it's nation-wide promotion.(13-end)